Staging (#340)
macrocosm-os/folding: documentation/background.md

# Why is Folding a Good Subnet Idea? 
An ideal incentive mechanism defines an asymmetric workload between the validators and miners. The necessary proof of work (PoW) for the miners must require substantial effort and should be impossible to circumvent. On the other hand, the validation and rewarding process should benefit from some kind of privileged position or vantage point so that an objective score can be assigned without excess work. Put simply, **rewarding should be objective and adversarially robust**.

Protein folding is also a research topic that is of incredibly high value. Research groups all over the world dedicate their time to solving particular niches within this space. Providing a solution to attack this problem at scale is what Bittensor is meant to provide to the global community. 

# Simulation Backend and Reproducability

> Moleccular dynamics (MD) simulations require a physics-based engine to run them, and SN25 utilizes the open-source project [OpenMM](https://openmm.org). As their tagline suggests, they are a "high performance, customizable molecular simulation" package. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Molecular dynamics (MD) simulations require a physics-based engine to run them, and SN25 utilizes the open-source project [OpenMM](https://openmm.org). As their tagline suggests, they are a "high performance, customizable molecular simulation" package. 
```

# Reward Mechanism
Protein folding is a textbook example of this kind of asymmetry; the molecular dynamics simulation involves long and arduous calculations which apply the laws of physics to the system over and over again until an optimized configuration is obtained. There are no reasonable shortcuts. 

While the process of simulation is exceedingly compute-intensive, the evaluation process is actually straightforward. **The reward given to the miners is based on the ‘energy’ of their protein configuration (or shape)**. The energy value compactly represents the overall quality of their result, and this value is precisely what is decreased over the course of a molecular dynamics simulation. The energy directly corresponds to the configuration of the structure, and can be computed in closed-form. The gif below illustrates the energy minimization over a short simulation procedure.

<div align="center">
    <img src="../assets/8emf_pdb_loss.gif" alt="Alt Folded-protein" width="500" height="350">
</div>

> When the simulations finally converge (ΔE/t < threshold), they produce the form of the proteins as they are observed in real physical contexts, and this form gives rise to their biological function. Thus, the miners provide utility by preparing ready-for-study proteins on demand. An example of such a protein is shown below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When simulation reach convergence (ΔE/t < threshold), they obtain the structural form of proteins as they are observed in real physical environments, and this form gives rise to their biological function. Thus, the miners provide utility by preparing ready-for-study proteins on demand. An example of such a protein is shown below. 
```
